Syntax Lookup: Extension Points (#444)
rescript-association/rescript-lang.org: misc_docs/syntax/extension_raw_top_level.mdx

> ---

Reviewer: One last request: Can you rename this file to `extension_raw_top_level_expression.mdx`? Then we are ready to go!

> id: "raw-top-level"

Reviewer: Oops, last try

```suggestion
id: "raw-top-level-expression"
```

keywords: ["javascript", "raw"]
name: "%%raw"

> summary: "This is the `top level JavaScript` extension point."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
summary: "This is the `raw top level expression` extension point."
```
